- [Narrator] Okay and now we are going to
look at the differences in
the repo and service folder by migrating to
Spring Data MongoDB.
In our repo folder we have changes in
the tour rating repository and
the tour repository and you'll notice
that there was no changes made to the
tour package repository.
Here it is right here.
And we're still extending from Crud repository.
Our parameters are the same,
and our searches are the same.
It's just, Spring Data knows that
it's a different repository but we're
going to deal with it in the same way.
And now, we're going to look at the tour repository.
So, the main difference here,
well, there's two main differences.
One is because the string is an ID, not integer.
So, that's going to change where we do delete by ID,
we're overriding that.
That now has to be a string.
And, we have this new method which I name
find summary by tour package code.
And this is going to be the new search endpoint
and I use the at query annotation
and I'm passing it a special Mongo specific query here.
So, what it's going to do is, I'm going to
and the value field it uses the language to
interact with Mongo.
Look up tour package code, where we're passing
in the code value, and only return these fields.
We see this on line 33.
ID, title, tour package code, and tour package name.
And then just like in find by tour package code,
we're passing in a pageable, and it's going
to return a page of tours.
Next, we have tour rating repository changes.
The parameters on the Crud repository for tour rating,
and tour rating PK are now tour rating and string.
And now because the string of the tour ID,
instead of integer, we have to change this
find by tour ID, instead of find by PK tour ID on line 27.
And the parameters for this method,
find by PK tour ID and PK customer ID
have changed to find by tour ID and customer ID.
And then, down here on line 44,
find by PK tour ID changes to
find by tour ID and we pass in the string tour ID.
Now let's look at the services that we invoke here.
Git is saying that there's a difference in
tour package services, but really the contents are identical
and that's because some changes were made,
but it was reverted back because we didn't really
need to make a change there.
And then on tour service,
we are changing our
method create tour to no longer
pass in all of these parameters.
We're now calling them out individually.
Instead we see on line 36 here,
that we're going to create a tour
and we're passing in a title, a tour package name,
and a map of the details.
So, this is the information that we're getting
from the JSON file.
It's passed in to create a tour.
Just like before we verify that
the tour package exists with that name.
If it's not found, we return an exception,
and then we actually call, on line 39,
the tour repository dot save,
and construct a new tour.
So that's all the changes we need
for the repository and service layers.